Let's talk about how D Stream ingest the data.
Most likely, your data in
real-world application will have a bunch of data coming in a few seconds.
So instead of processing the streaming data one record at a time,
Spark Streaming discretizes the streaming data into micro batches.
Each batch of data is an RDD.
This allows the developers like us to apply
basic RDD operations on top of D Streams as well.
In D Stream, each message is guaranteed to be processed once and only once.
There are many applicable domains where we need to
process large data streams like ETL operations,
operations monitoring, ad monetization,
retail, fraud detection, and etc.